♪ Let's go real far ♪
♪ I should pack my bag first ♪
♪ We've got so much to see ♪
♪ If you really want ♪
♪ And you really do ♪
♪ I could go round the world with you ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Whatever you do ♪
♪ I'll be there with you ♪
♪ Ollie and Moon ♪
What a sky, huh, Moon?
You said it, Ollie!
This is the kind of sky
that makes you want to sleep outside
all night
under the stars!
-It does?
-Uh-huh!
You mean, like in the back yard
and not in our beds?
Yes! We should do it tonight!
It'll be great, Ollie!
We can roast marshmallows
and stay up way too late!
Ah!
It's OK, Moon. Just a little thunder.
But now it's totally raining.
Aw!
Silly weather ruining our camp-out fun!
Oh, shucks!
I guess we'll have to do it another time,
like after we've planned it
for a week to ten days.
[gasps]
Ollie, I'm having a brainstorm!
Uh-oh. Every time you have a brainstorm,
I get dragged off somewhere.
We'll go far away,
where there are wide, open skies,
at the tippy-top of a mountain!
Actually, the back yard
is sounding better and better.
And I know just the place,
the gorgeous Pyrenees Mountains of Spain!
It's supposed to have some of the best
camping in the world!
-Um...
-Picture it, Ollie!
Amazing views,
a cloudless sky full of stars...
What are we waiting for?
Oh, right. We're waiting for you to pack.
OK. I'll need my stuffed animals,
my night lights,
my "A to Zs" music collection,
and the most important thing of all...
my extra-special,
one-of-a-kind red pajamas!
Nothing, and I mean nothing,
can ever happen to my red pajamas.
When I wear these, I feel totally safe.
Nothing scares me!
Not the dark, nor shadows,
nor bumps in the night!
Yep, this is my bedtime suit of armour.
I can't sleep without them.
Uh-huh. So, now are you ready?
Actually... Ah!
Whee!
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are now arriving in beautiful,
mountainous Spain!
Hmm.
To the mountains of Spain!
Wow!
Spain is more amazing than I thought!
Now to figure out how to get
to the Pyrenees Mountains
for our sleep-out and...
Wait!
I just have to check one thing first.
I need to make sure
my red pajamas are safe!
Of course you do.
[he laughs]
Can you imagine if they weren't?
I might never sleep again!
Hey!
I must have taken the wrong suitcase.
[he gasps]
Which means...
My red pajamas are... are...
gone!
What do we do?
Don't you worry, Ollie.
We're gonna find your pajamas
and sleep under the stars
just like we planned.
Thanks, Moon.
You always make me feel better.
We've got to think this through.
If you have somebody else's suitcase,
then they must have yours.
So they must be in town.
True, but this is a big city.
What are the odds that...
There! My PJs!
PJs!
-Ahem... Ollie?
-Moon, please.
I'm having a moment with the pajamas.
Ahem...
Not my PJs.
Not your PJs.
Oh! Where are they?
What's going on over there?
Nebbish!
Whoa!
My PJs!
He must be the one I mixed up
suitcases with at the airport.
It feels wonderful being voted
most handsome movie star bull
in all of Spain.
Now, please feel free to take photos
of my stylish new pajamas,
while I dance the flamenco.
Come everyone!
Excuse me.
These PJs are mine.
And you're stretching them out.
And I need them!
Hey! Come back here.
Faster, Ollie! We're losing him.
What are we gonna do, Moon?
If I don't get those PJs back,
it won't just mess up our sleep out.
It'll mess up my whole life!
Look at the bright side.
We know where they are.
We have to get around these guys...
I mean... We were just leaving.
Bedtime is getting closer.
Get ready for some traditional
Spanish flamenco dancing.
We're going to spin that bull
until your pajamas fly off.
Yeah!
[flamenco music]
[he laughs]
This is it, Ollie.
He's gonna spin out of the pajamas.
Whee!
[mooing]
[he laughs]
Well, that didn't work.
Look on the bright side.
Wasn't that Spanish guitar music
just lovely?
Moon, it's going to be dark soon
and I still don't have...
Oh! There he is, Ollie.
Oh! I'm very interesting.
Hey!
He's not wearing my pajamas any more.
They're gone!
-Gone?
-Gone!
What do we do? Moon!
What's the bright side?
Wait a minute. Look!
Hola!
I'm Nebbish Q. Bull's personal assistant.
I'll take those! Gracias!
Yeah! Moon, that was amazing!
PJs, it's so good to have you back!
Stop!
Was that Nebbish?
Those are mine! Give them back.
Sorry, but these pajamas are mine.
See?
They've got my paw print on the chest.
Sorry, but Ollie can't sleep without them.
I've been a struggling actor
my whole life.
And then,
I put those wondrous pajamas on,
and they changed me!
I was suddenly fabulous.
Just like that.
Please, don't take them back.
I'm afraid to go on without them.
[sobbing]
I feel bad, Nebbish.
I know how scary it can be
without the PJs.
But they're mine and I need them.
I understand.
Oh! We can't just leave him like this.
-But what can we do?
-Look at the bright side.
I'm having another brainstorm.
[whispers]
Brilliant!
Tada!
Really? For me?
I don't know how to thank you.
Would an autograph be gratitude enough?
Or perhaps tickets
to my latest action movie?
As soon as I make it.
Moon! Your plan is working.
Those fake red pajamas
sure look like yours.
But they're not.
I don't understand.
I'm not wearing the amazing red pajamas?
You only thought you were.
And you were fabulous without them.
I was, wasn't I?
So that means
that I don't need them?
I think you've always had
a brave strong bull inside you.
You just needed help finding him.
I'll never be timid and meek again!
How can I ever thank you?
Actually, I can think of something.
♪ Opposites ♪
♪ That's what we are ♪
♪ We can't give up ♪
♪ Give me a smile, say "cheese" ♪
♪ We're buddy, buddy
Sing it out and shout ♪
♪ You are my best friend
We can work it out ♪
♪ Side by side ♪
♪ We're Buddy, buddy
Sing it out and shout ♪
♪ Two friends together ♪
♪ Is what it's all about ♪
♪ We can work it out ♪
Aren't the Pyrenees Mountains
marvellous, Ollie?
It's like we can see
all of Spain from up here.
Now, get ready to see stars.
[thunder]
[shrieking]
Moon, it's okay. It's just some thunder.
Let's go inside here.
I'm scared, Ollie.
I'm sorry, Moon.
But look at the bright side.
You can wear my red PJs.
-Huh?
-They make me feel safe.
They worked for Nebbish,
I bet they'll work for you.
But Ollie,
you can't sleep without your red PJs.
I think I can.
I think there's a brave Ollie inside me
and I just needed help finding him.
Here. I want you to have them.
Thanks, Ollie.
You always make me feel better.
Moon, look!
It's magical!
[Moon] Just like I thought it would be.
[Stanley] Hi, guys!
I'm collecting stuff for charity.
Do you have any clothes
you want to give away?
Let me look, Stanley.
[laughs]
Oh, Ollie! These are your red PJs.
I don't think you meant to give those.
-What do you think, Moon?
-We'd like to donate these.
They helped us feel brave and now,
we don't need them anymore.